[excel] (Samples) Update Combine Workbooks sample with Troubleshooting guidance (#562)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/combine-worksheets-into-single-workbook.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This sample only copies the values from the other workbooks. It does not preserve formatting, charts, tables, or other objects.

## Solution

1. Create a new Excel file in your OneDrive. The file name "Combination.xlsx" is used in this sample.
1. Create and save the two scripts from this sample.
1. Create a folder in your OneDrive and add one or more workbooks with data to it. The folder name "output" is used in this sample.

> 1. Build a flow (as described later) to perform these steps:

Reviewer: Later reads as vague to me, consider specifying where in the article later occurs. 
```suggestion
1. Build a flow (as described in the [Power Automate flow](#power-automat-flow-combine-worksheets-into-a-single-workbook) section of this article) to perform these steps:
```

1. Sign into [Power Automate](https://flow.microsoft.com) and create a new **Instant cloud flow**.
1. Choose **Manually trigger a flow** and select **Create**.

> 1. Add a **New step** to get all the workbooks you want to combine from their folder. Use the **OneDrive for Business** connector and the **List files in folder** action. For the **Folder** field, use the file picker to select the "output" folder.

Reviewer: In this step, **New step** is capitalized, but in the next two steps it's all lowercase. For consistency, I recommend using the same capitalization for all three mentions (I have no strong opinion about which capitalization, though).
